The Queen of Cups reversed suggests that you may be feeling out of touch with your emotions or that you are forced to restrict how you are really feeling deep inside. You may be struggling to express yourself effectively, instead bottling up your feelings internally. If you do not address these emotional issues, they will eventually reach boiling point. Your stress levels may increase and your ability to cope with everyday issues could suffer.  
The Queen of Cups reversed suggests some dissatisfaction or feeling of disconnection from your spirituality that has arisen in your life. This may be as simple as a growing realisation that you need to find your path and get more involved on a meaningful level with others in your faith.  
The reversed Queen of Cups may also suggest that you are allowing your imagination to run away with you. You mean well but unfortunately you cannot be relied on. You are letting your emotions take hold and you are not thinking clearly with your head. At its worst, the precious qualities of imagination and flowing fantasy might turn out to be weakness and thoughtlessness, turning in any direction that any wind may blow, getting lost in a dream world of unreal fantasies. You are becoming easily overwhelmed by emotion, and you are becoming moody, unstable, brooding, suspicious, and overly secretive.  
The Queen of Cups reversed represents an overemotional wreck who can be driven to manipulative and vindictive behaviour. Your mood swings are making life difficult for others and you are emotionally draining on those around you. You tend to play the emotional heartstrings to your advantage. Within you, you may also harbor angst and self-loathing for your inability to do more with yourself and your talents. 
In relationships, this card heralds a time when separating the emotions from any sense of sensibility may be difficult. Strong emotions may seem to take all parties on a roller coaster ride. Within projects, jobs, or workplaces, all members may feel their emotions are a little frayed from stress. With this in mind, the reversed Queen of Cups also warns against entering into any agreements with those who seem to play on your sense of guilt or pull on your emotional heartstrings, for they may not be what they seem. 
The reversed Queen of Cups can indicate an over-reliance on other people’s emotional responses, which may result in a co-dependency type relationship. You may want to examine your current relationships. Is there co-dependency? Are you giving too much of yourself and not getting anything in return? This Queen nurtures for the sake of inducing dependency, and places undue importance on being in a relationship, no matter what its quality. There could also be a tendency towards having too many expectations from your partner. 
A reversed Queen of Cups can also indicate the abuse of alcohol and substances, particularly if this abuse is driven by your emotional state (i.e. you drink more when you are feeling upset).
