Out of all the different readings that I do, more often than not I see the Three of Cups reversed come up in relationship readings when there is a third person involved. Often it is a reflection that you, the querent, are that third person and may be involved in an affair or dealing with an unfaithful partner. When this card appears in a reading, look to the other cards for more detail on the nature of the relationship. If you see the Seven of Swords, there is a likely betrayal of trust and possible cheating; if you see the Five of Swords, it is likely that you already know about the other relationship but you are trying to ignore that it exists; if you see the Devil, think carefully about the nature of the relationships as they are likely to be hedonistic and generally unhealthy to those involved. It is unlikely that this situation is sustainable as ‘three’s a crowd’, thus something has got to give. 
On a broader scale, the reversed Three of Cups can indicate that your creativity is being stifled and instead you are being forced to conform to the group in which you are operating. You may be part of a very tight-knit group that does things a certain way and is not open to innovation or alternative approaches. You need to consider whether you are willing to sacrifice your creative abilities in favour of the group’s desires. 
The Three of Cups reversed may reflect isolation from others. If this is the case, it is time to take charge of the situation and to reconnect with your community. Consider joining a group or organisation, and if the need for support is present, seek out the necessary resources. 
Similarly, the Three of Cups reversed can indicate that you have lost touch with your close friends, perhaps due to a falling out or other, more demanding priorities such as work or family commitments. See this card as a reminder to reconnect with your friends, let your hair down and have a good time, without worrying too much about the consequences. 
On the other hand, the Three of Cups reversed may indicate over-indulgence in the party scene. You may be spending most nights out at bars and nightclubs, indulging in drugs and alcohol and throwing caution to the wind. You may also be in the ‘work hard, play hard’ mindset, when what you need is greater balance in your life. Be mindful about the longer-term consequences of your actions and ask yourself whether this is indeed a sustainable lifestyle. Take a break from the social scene to regroup and get some much needed sleep.
