Nines represent personal integrity and completion, or the final stage of development. This final stage may bring certain problems with it, and past experiences and methods of coping become important here and are an intrinsic part of the meaning attached to the nines. Thus, the Nine of Cups shows a tendency to daydream and enjoy the pleasures of life. You are likely to spend more time thinking about big ideas and grand schemes for an ideal lifestyle than doing the work you need to do right now to execute those ideas. While it is good to ‘think big’, you also need to balance this with action to ensure that you can fulfil your dreams. 
More generally, the Nine of Cups reflects happiness in all areas such as health, finances, work, luck, love or relationships. After the difficult choices of the Seven and the stagnation of the Eight, the Cups suit starts to balance out with the Nine. One of the most positive and uplifting cards of the entire deck, the Nine of Cups shows satisfaction on all levels – emotional, physical, and sensual. It is no wonder that many Tarot readers refer to this card as the Wish Card as its appearance is often taken as a sign that, whatever your heart’s desire, it shall be granted in the coming days or weeks. Know that you have paved our own way on the path to success. 
As a Cups card, the Nine usually refers to an emotionally fulfilling situation, such as the strengthening of a romantic bond, the solidification of a friendship or the consummation of a sexual relationship. It shows that joy and happiness are within your grasp. In fact, you probably already have them. It is a sign to enjoy the abundance of life and to feel each of your emotions as if you had never felt any of them before. See the perfection all around you. 
The Nine of Cups is also about counting your blessings, living in the moment, and enjoying the good things that life has to offer. Start or end every day by creating a mental list of the three things you are most grateful for. You will find that over time, you indeed have a lot to be happy about and it may increase your feeling of deep contentment and fulfilment.  
The Nine of Cups represents stability and advancement. This card signals delight and pleasure, contentment with what you have accomplished so far and forms a steady foundation for the future. Your worries are all in the past and you can look forward to a bright future. 
The man in the Nine of Cups also appears to have a certain smug look on his face. This suggests that you can relish in the fact that you are about to finally achieve what you set out to achieve. Do not be too shy or modest about it either! Indulge yourself in knowing that you have worked hard to get here and you have achieved the results you had hoped for. 
The Nine of Cups can also indicate splurging and indulging in life’s luxuries. This includes enjoying good food and wine, appreciating the arts, making love, relaxing in a beautiful resort, or experiencing beauty. Of course, balance is needed to ensure that you do not become lazy or greedy but generally the upright version of this card suggests that this is more a time of enjoyment than of suffering the negative consequences of such enjoyment.
