Whereas the Page of Wands indicated the initial spark of a new idea, the Knight of Wands indicates the actual pursuit of that idea. There is significantly more action associated with this Knight and he has a true commitment and energy to make sure his ideas are put into action. His courage is incredibly strong and he has no fear of anything. He simply charges forth with his ideas and visions to make things happen. Thus, the Knight of Wands suggests that your confidence levels will rapidly increase and you will feel ready to take on the world with your vision. Tackle any challenges that stand in your way and always be ready to help others who lack your determination and exuberance but who desperately need it.  
The Knight of Wands is an ‘act first, think later’ type of guy. He is impatient and impulsive, with a love for action. The downside to the Knight of Wands is that while he is bursting with energy and enthusiasm, he has a tendency to rush into things without much consideration for the consequences of his actions. He sets off on his journey in haste and often fails to have a clear plan of attack and this may negatively impact his chances of longer-term success. He is so focused on being the best and of fame and glory that he almost forgets to plan ahead and to keep sight of reality. The Knight of Wands can also come across as aggressive and overly ambitious. He is highly insistent even if others stand in his way, criticise him or challenge him. 
When you encounter the Knight of Wands in a reading, it is important that you start your creative projects with great enthusiasm and energy but you also temper this with a well-rounded, realistic and balanced view along with a well-considered plan that takes into account any future consequences of your actions. You need to show ambition and move from where you are now to where you know you should be to increase your effectiveness in the world. There is nothing wrong with ambition if it is channelled in the right way. Be a pioneer and take calculated risks. 
The Knight of Wands may indicate an event that enters your life quickly and unexpectedly. Coupled with the Eight of Wands, you can expect to see a lot of change and action occurring around you, and you will no doubt be swept up by the restless, ‘busy’ energy whether you like it or not! An important matter is likely to enter your life and demand your attention until it passes. Rather than resisting it, make the time to give it your full attention. Oftentimes, the Knight of Wands can indicate a hasty change of residence, job or other living arrangement. You need to be ready to react quickly and go with the flow as resistance is useless.
