The Three of Wands reversed suggests that you have attempted to embark on your own journey of personal development but you have been unable to accomplish the goals that you had hoped for. There may have been some unexpected delays and creative blockages to your path. There is disappointment and frustration, and a general feeling that you may have just wasted your time by even starting on this journey. What you may not realise, however, is that these setbacks are in fact an important part of your bigger life journey and will have contributed to your personal development anyway. 
You may also be struggling to put your plans into action and you are now feeling worried that you have gotten in over your head and tasks appear overwhelming. You may have had a lack of foresight and were unable to detect the challenges as they arose, or you may have been unrealistic about the risks associated with your plans. Break down your plans into smaller tasks to make them more manageable and more realistic. Conduct a risk assessment ahead of time to understand what challenges you may potentially face, and then create mitigation plans to avoid or minimise those risks. 
In a business reading, the Three of Wands reversed may indicate a lack of cooperation, wasted efforts, delays, or bad luck or obstacles from outside in commercial ventures. You may be dealing with a business partner or another business that is only out for their own material gain, and as such, you are at risk of being betrayed in your business pursuits. You may also find that there are shipping delays or product manufacturing delays, particularly if you rely on an overseas source as part of your business. You know that you need to be open to receiving help but you are also concerned about others exploiting you for their own gain. 
In a relationship reading, the reversed Three of Wands can indicate that there is a fundamental issue of not being able to pursue your longer-term goals together. Your partner may want to travel or to expand their horizons by moving interstate or internationally but you may be reluctant to do so, putting an obstacle in your partner’s course. This is becoming a major issue for the relationship. For the relationship to work in the long-term, you need to work this out together and come to a compromise. 
Similarly, in the context of relationships, the reversed Three of Wands can act as an indicator that you are better off not engaging in any long distance relationships. Perhaps this is something you have tried in the past and you now realise that this is something that really does not work for you. You are wary of all the drawbacks and negative consequences associated with such a relationship, and instead you feel you would be suited to someone who was actually physically available and located nearby. You also know that you do not want someone who travels a lot, particularly for work, because again it means that they are not fully accessible or available to you.
