The Ace of Pentacles reversed suggests that a financial opportunity may fall through. The opportunity may be a pay rise, a new job, a loan, etc. Additionally, the Ace of Pentacles reversed indicates that you need to be very careful about what you can and cannot afford. Do not get in over your head and take on a mortgage that requires huge monthly repayments. Do not rely on the promise of a financial opportunity in the future (e.g. a pay rise or a gift). Allow some ‘fat’ in your budgeting in case you are without employment at any time or have a large and unexpected financial outlay.  
Similarly, the reversed Ace of Pentacles indicates a time when you try to manifest your goals but you do not get very far along due to delays and other impediments to your plans. If your success is limited, then you may need to re-evaluate and modify your plans and proposed approach. Your goals may also need to be re-aligned to something more realistic. Financial or other professional advice may be needed to help you get back on track. 
The reversed Ace of Pentacles can indicate corruption, greed and taking what one has not earned. Be careful that you are not being overly opportunistic and exploiting others as you strive towards higher profits and earnings. You may also be blinded by an obsession for greater financial accumulation and wealth, at the expense of other areas of your life. 
If you are considering starting a new business or taking up a new job offer, the reversed Ace of Pentacles warns that there is a significant risk to success due to lack of planning and foresight. You may overlook the financial details of your business plan, and head into a new idea blindly, without an indication of whether or not there is indeed a market for your services. You may also rush into creating a business, without doing the planning that needs to sit behind it. You need to plan more and have more foresight and consideration into the financial aspects that align to your passions and career interests.
