The Knight of Pentacles reversed is about feeling stuck in a routine and a repetitive pattern of behaviour. Life is becoming mundane and boring, and you are beginning to crave change or any sort of spontaneity. To free yourself from this repetition, aim to do things differently each time and bring some spontaneity into your life.  
In a relationship, the reversed Knight of Pentacles can reflect boredom and restlessness. One partner may be happy with routine and ‘more of the same’ but for the other partner, it is torture! You may also find that your relationship has lost its romantic side and now you are just focused on day-to-day activities such as grocery shopping, school runs, cooking dinner and the like. Try to find time in your day to spend some quality time together, otherwise you risk losing the attention of your partner. 
The Knight of Pentacles reversed can also suggest there are practical matters in your life that you have chosen to ignore recently. Mundane activities such as home upkeep, money matters, business relationships, and moving forward in your career have been left by the wayside as you focus on more exciting or important opportunities. Depending on what is on your plate currently, you may want to make more time to get your life in order, or you may continue to focus on more pressing or important priorities. 
As a person, the reversed Knight of Pentacles can reflect someone who is unadventurous, overly conservative and resistant to change. This person may prefer to just stay at home while others are out having fun and taking risks. If this is you, you may be isolating yourself from others or losing the interest of your friends. Try to get out a bit more and be open to new experiences. 
The reversed Knight of Pentacles can also indicate that you are becoming a perfectionist in how you approach your work. You may be critical of others who do not share the same attention to detail as you, and you may become quickly frustrated when their work is not at the same standard as yours. While your hard work is appreciated, you do not want to lose the support of others along the way and may need to be more flexible in your approach.
