The King of Pentacles reversed may show some possible downsides or character traits to be aware of. He can show an excessive interest in material things, including good food, wine or sex. These can be fun but can also be taken to an extreme. He can also be very stubborn and traditional about some things, which could be exasperating. He also expects to be King of his castle, and is possessive about his home and things.  
The King of Pentacles reversed is a man who will do anything for money. He is impressed by other people’s status and social position and will readily say ‘yes’ to any requests from those above him. At the same time, he dismisses those who do not hold the same level of authority and status, and may come across as a ‘snob’ to others. He is constantly name-dropping and trying to prove himself by bragging about the people he knows. This reversed King can be either a workaholic or an extremely lazy man who expects others to look after him financially. He may care only for his possessions, and uses other people to gain them. He may be someone who marries for money, leaving the person only when he has gone through all of their resources. 
The reversed King of Pentacles can be highly rigid in his approach, so when this King shows up in a reading, look at your life. Are you feeling ‘stuck in a rut’? Having your feet on the ground is a good thing but everybody needs to lighten up once in awhile and stick their heads in the clouds, even if it is just for a breath of fresh air. 
As the upright King of Pentacles reflects a committed and devoted partner, the reversal of this card may indicate fear of commitment or a strong desire NOT to be committed to anyone. You may have thought you met the ‘man of your dreams’ or your ‘future husband’ in this person but you have quickly come to realise that he is not what you are looking for. He may not be as reliable or dependable as initially thought, and instead he has become overly controlling, authoritative and possessive in your relationship with him. 
Similarly, your partner, who is normally there to provide for you and protect you, may recently be going through a difficult period and now the tables have turned. Up until now, you have seen him as your rock, someone who is incredibly well-established, accomplished, sturdy, stoic, proud and successful. However, now you must be the ‘rock’ and the firm foundation, supporting your partner while he regains his strength and courage. There may be increased instability and uncertainty over the coming months.  
In a family relationship, the reversed King of Pentacles can indicate the possibility of familial abuse, particularly through misuse of power, authority and control. He may be highly disciplinary, rigid and inflexible, failing to show his love through positive means and only suppressing the spirit of others.
