The reversed Three of Pentacles can indicate a lack of teamwork, whereby people are acting in competition with each other and trying to appear the most knowledgeable. You may be trying to work collaboratively with others but there is an increasing level of tension as each individual tries to exert power or control over the group, thus negatively impacting the harmony of the people involved. 
If you rely on the cooperation of others, now may be a good time to break free of your current group or network and join forces with another group. The lack of harmony and teamwork is having a negative impact on your performance and there may be a lack of a common goal. It may be best to just move on at this stage. 
The Three of Pentacles reversed signifies that you are seeking more respect in the workplace. You have had to be polite and listen to the opinions and feedback of your superiors but now you seem to be growing restless with always taking the advice, rather than giving it. You want to work in an environment where you have the chance to voice your own opinion and be heard, where you are seen as the expert or the leader. You may also be seeking new colleagues who bring with them new knowledge, so as to create a more synergistic team environment.  
The Three of Pentacles reversed can also indicate that you are working in a fairly mundane job, in which your contributions and experience are not really appreciated or valued. There is not much opportunity for growth and advancement, and you feel as if your skills and capabilities are not being effectively utilised. It may be a good time to make a career move and find somewhere where your skills are more valued. 
Given the upright Three of Pentacles is about good planning and organisation, the reversal of this card can suggest that you are need to bring more of this energy into your work. If you do not have a clear view of how you will accomplish your goals, then it will be beneficial to stop work momentarily and plan out your next steps at a detailed level.
