The reversed Seven of Pentacles suggests that your efforts may be scattered at this time and you are starting to question whether or not you are investing in the right areas. You may be outlaying some initial money on things that will not actually deliver results. So, the opportunity here is to examine your current and planned investments (both financial and time), and make sure that you are going to see a return on those investments. Use a prioritisation system to ensure that you do not waste time and money on areas that will not deliver results. 
Similarly, the Seven of Pentacles reversed indicates that even though you may continue to invest a lot of energy into a specific situation, you may not reap the rewards you are looking for. As such, this card calls on you to prioritise your activities very carefully. You need to do a cost-benefit analysis on the major tasks involved to bring your project to fruition as there are certainly a number of tasks that are currently taking a lot of your time and energy but are not bearing the rewards you are seeking. Take stock of what you still need to do and focus only on those things that will get you to where you want to be. You may find that there are a lot of things that you get involved in that are just not value-add. For example, email and meetings are huge time wasters if not used effectively. Try to get down to the 20% of tasks that deliver 80% of the value, and focus on these, rather than investing your time in tasks that do not deliver any results. 
As a key strength, the reversed Seven of Pentacles can indicate that you know when to stop investing in something when you are seeing little return. Some people are inclined to keep persevering at something, even if it is not working out, just because they have already invested a lot of time, energy or money into it. However, you are very good at identifying when a situation is no longer delivering you any value and knowing when to pack it in and try something else.  
In a relationship reading, the reversed Seven of Pentacles indicates that you have been working very hard on laying the foundations for your relationship but now, for some reason, you are concerned that you are going to lose all of that. You may also be feeling frustrated that the relationship is not progressing or growing as quickly as you had hoped, particularly given that you have put in so much time and energy. Sometimes you can pour your heart and soul into something but it does not always mean that there will be results. You may come to the realisation that it just is not worth your time and no matter how much you try, the relationship is going to continue to hit roadblocks.
