Reversed, the Eight of Pentacles can reflect that your attention to detail is actually getting in the way of innovation and change. The Eight of Pentacles is perfection in a self-contained world, a world that needs nothing but perfect pentacles, one after another. But what if the rules change? What if you are called upon to do something completely different to the task at hand or you need to change your focus? This may send you into a tailspin! If you need to take a risk, or to shift gears, the reversed Eight of Pentacles shows that your perfectionism has become a barrier to your success. You will have to let go of the smoothness and predictability of doing what you have mastered, and be willing to make a Fool of yourself all over again. 
Often, the reversed Eight of Pentacles reversed suggests that you are working very hard on something but it is not leading to the desired outcome, leading to frustration and disappointment with the lack of success and progress. Sometimes, we can focus in on improving a part of ourselves or trying to fix something, only to find that all that effort is just going on the wrong things. You may be honing in on minute details that are not important to the overall workings of your life. Instead, you need to look at the bigger picture and ask yourself whether this is the right direction for you at this time. How can you bring your attention out of the detail and to the overall picture here? Are you working on the right things, or is there a major part that you are missing? Return to the energy of the Seven of Pentacles and re-prioritise and invest in those activities that will lead to the greatest return. 
In a work-related reading, the reversed Eight of Pentacles can indicate a time when you are lacking the ambition, engagement or dedication to see your work through. You are too wrapped up in everyday concerns and worries to take the time out to gain more long-term security. Instead most of your energies are wasted pursuing short-term gains and rewards. Continuing to toil at the same work is not going to get you where you want to be. This might be fine for some people but for you to get anywhere in your current profession, you might actually have to go back and get some additional skills and possibly even take a pay cut while doing so. Rather than trying to look for minor improvements in what you are already doing, this card suggests completely thinking out of the box. Look for something unrelated to what you have been doing, for example, starting your own business or entering an entirely new field of work. Look for something new. The time is right for you to change directions.
