The Nine of Pentacles indicates that you have reached a point in your life where you are feeling self-confident, self-sufficient, independent and free. By acting on your own accord, you have attained well-deserved success and may now enjoy money, leisure time, pleasure, material comfort and rest. You appreciate what is now available to you, knowing that the difficulties are over. You also know that you can complete any work necessary through confidence, self-discipline and patience. 
The Nine of Pentacles is about enjoying the good life and the fruits of your labour. You have worked hard to get here, so now, sit back and relax and enjoy some of life’s luxuries. You deserve it! Do not be afraid to splurge, indulge or pamper yourself, particularly if it is as a reward for all of your hard work. Treat yourself to a special occasion, to simply celebrate the journey you have been on to achieve your goals and to re-energise yourself for the next phase. You are close to reaching completion, so acknowledge this and then prepare for what will come after. 
Sometimes, however, the Nine of Pentacles can indicate that you are close to reaching your goal but you have not yet made it. So, as a result, you may want to stick to your program and continue sacrificing until you have reached that goal. You are showing great self-discipline and self-control to ensure you get to where you want to be. 
Whilst the suit of Pentacles typically focuses on material wealth and gain, the Nine of Pentacles also suggests that you are in harmony with the nature that is around you. You have an appreciation for the beauty and abundance found in nature and you are able to harness this energy to bring pleasure into your life. You may enjoy gardening or floristry, or you may simply like to pass your time in the beauty of nature with picnics or walks in the park. 
The Nine of Pentacles can indicate a time of restraint, poise and grace. The figure in the card is very lady-like and refined. She lives a comfortable, luxurious lifestyle and is able to keep herself looking ‘nice’. This is a time when you need to carry yourself with grace and refinement, and to be tactful and diplomatic in your dealings with others.
