Upright, the Ten of Pentacles shows a beautiful picture of a family within a huge castle. The ‘man of the house’ looks so happy to have finally accomplished everything that he has in life and is glad that he can now provide for his family for many years to come. This is one of those ultimate commitment cards often associated with marriage, financial success and established families. Reversed, however, it suggests that there is something getting in the way of this picture. The stability and security of the family unit, the marriage or the financials has been undermined and there is no longer that feeling of stability. In some cases, it can mean that a marriage has come to an end very recently and it is now going through a process of divestment. In other cases, it can mean that this is a temporary state of flux and there is still the possibility that it can get back on track. 
Reversed, the Ten of Pentacles is about failure on a financial level. This card indicates financial loss, problems with investments, and lack of resources. Despite a lot of time and effort, there seems to be many limitations to future success as a result of a poor foundation. In some cases, this card represents the problems of money, such as fears about finances and quarrels over property, as finances become an impediment to the enjoyment of life. It could indicate that you are beset with financial burdens and responsibilities.  
In a relationship reading where the relationship is relatively new, the reversed Ten of Pentacles suggests that while you are keen to progress this relationship further, you are still not 100% sure that it has potential for the long-term and you may be questioning whether your partner is truly husband/wife material or not. You may be looking for a long-term relationship but you are unsure that your partner is going to be the one who will provide that long-term commitment.  
Similarly, if you are single, the reversed Ten of Pentacles suggests that you are looking for a fun relationship at this stage, not anything more committed than that. You would prefer something that is just casual but still secure enough to know that you are a couple.
