Reversed, the Fool Tarot card suggests that you may be acting in total disregard of the consequences of your actions and indeed acting ‘the fool’. You are trying to live ‘in the moment’ rather than planning ahead. You are acting recklessly, wanting to break free of the usual routine in order to ‘find yourself’ but doing it in a way that completely disregards others. 
The Fool reversed cautions you about potentially being taken advantage of or entering into a deal where you do not fully understand the consequences of your decisions. If you are offered an opportunity that seems too good to be true then it probably is. It is really important that you do almost a ‘due diligence’ on the opportunities presented to you to ensure that you are making the right choice and not simply going with the most enticing offer at the time. Be prepared for the challenges that lie ahead so that you are not taken by surprise. Do your research and make sure you are well prepared for critical events, such as job interviews, applications, presentations and meetings. 
In a career Tarot reading, the Fool reversed suggests that you do not want to be placed in a work situation where you are completely out of your depth and have no clue what you are doing. You want to feel at least competent that you know what you need to do and you most certainly do not want to look like the fool or the ‘newbie’ on the block. Even if you have not been in the workforce for a little while, you want to be respected for your experience to date and do not want to have to start at square one again. 
In a relationship Tarot reading, the Fool reversed can indicate that the nature of the relationship is highly changeable and uncertain, with spontaneity taken to a whole new level. You may be unsure about where the relationship is heading and whether you can safely depend on your partner. You may both be risk-takers with little consideration for the long-term consequences of your actions. This may bring with it excitement and suspense but also an underlying feeling of uncertainty and insecurity.
