Reversed, the Magician can indicate greed, deceit, manipulation and using one’s skill and ability for negative ends. It can reflect trickery and cunning, untrustworthiness and mental confusion.  
The reversed Magician may represent your typical used-car salesman. He uses his charm and his power in a manipulative manner to convince you of his point of view. Always be careful of this type. Make sure you know what you are buying into rather than being swept away by the excitement he generates.  
The Magician reversed often suggests that you may be out of touch with reality and struggling to bring yourself back down to earth. There may be confusion, impatience and lack of a clear plan. You need to return to the lesson of the Fool and free yourself from the current situation in order to give yourself some perspective and reassess the situation. Ask yourself, where am I focusing my energy? Are my objectives clear? What skills and abilities are needed in this situation? How am I communicating with others? What do I want others to believe or see about me? 
The Magician reversed shows that you have a lot of skills, talents and abilities that are not being utilised at the moment and you feel as if your true potential is not being maximised. You may be feeling that you have so much more to give, that there are skills or talents that you have gained over the years that you are not using right now. There is something that you know you are very good at but you have not allowed yourself the opportunity to really nurture and explore this skill. You will already know what these talents are, so ask yourself, “Why am I not putting these talents to good use? What is getting in the way of drawing upon my skills and abilities and reaching my full potential? What needs to change in order to be the best person I can be?” You will need to find opportunities where you can tap into this unused skill and bring it into the conscious mind. 
Similarly, the Magician reversed in a spiritual reading suggests that you have a particular skill or talent that could help your spiritual journey but you are not yet using this skill. For example, you may be studying the Tarot and reading for friends and family but what you do not realise is that you have a real talent for reading Tarot and could be reading professionally for a much wider audience. If you were to expand your Tarot reading, you may find that it also has benefits for your own spiritual journey. You may also be keen to pursue new spiritual interests, particularly if your current path is not fully meeting your needs. Be open to change and know that it is ok to build up a ‘portfolio’ of different spiritual beliefs and skills.
