Reversed, Justice indicates dishonesty to yourself and others. It shows an unwillingness to understand the deeper meaning of why an event has occurred and shows that you are missing some opportunity for a greater understanding of yourself in life. You are not actively accepting responsibility for your actions and may be trying to ‘dodge the bullet’ and blame others for your mistakes. The key here is to take responsibility for your own situation and realise that you are here through your own past choices, and therefore, whatever it takes to get out of the situation is fair and just according to Universal principles of karma and justice. 
If, after a very hard look at yourself, you feel that you have done the best job possible, know that the Universe has a path laid out for you and while your situation may be frustrating right now, it is the right path for you. Over time you will begin to see that it does indeed have a reason for being this way. 
Given that the Justice card can reflect a very judgemental, black-and-white view of the world, you may need to release all of your thoughts about what is right and wrong, and just accept what is. Stop judging yourself constantly about whether you are doing the right thing or whether it is working. You are where you are and you just need to accept your current situation. Just allow yourself to ‘be in the moment’ and withhold any immediate judgement. The reversed Justice card also suggests that you may be better off by bending the rules a little and being a bit more flexible with your current circumstances. Of course, you also need to act in a way that is fair and just, and not under-handed, otherwise karma will come back to you! 
If you are engaged in a legal matter, you may be concerned about an unfair outcome. You may dispute the final judgement, calling into question the whole legal process. There may be legal complications or something that gets in the way of justice being served. 
You may be biased or unfairly judging others, failing to seek out the truth or a balanced perspective. Your opinions are biased and have been swayed by others. Be mindful of how you judge or criticise others and ensure that you have a balanced view before you go swinging the sword of justice!
