The Devil appears when you are feeling trapped by things such as unhealthy or co-dependent relationships, financial debt, unproductive careers, unhealthy lifestyles or addictions, or consumerism and materialism. When the Devil is reversed, it indicates a growing awareness that you are currently in this state and you desire freedom from these harmful bonds. You may now be more willing and able to accept changes in your life and you may be more open to taking on new perspectives. However, it is not going to be an easy journey. You will need to battle your inner fears and anxieties to free yourself from the chains that bind you to your unhealthy habits. You need to conduct an audit of your life and eliminate those things that you know are harmful to you and your inner psyche. It may be about creating a healthier diet, watching less television, quitting smoking, spending more time with your loved ones, or focusing more clearly on your goals. Take this opportunity to bring about positive change in your life by providing yourself with ongoing encouragement and motivation. You must remain faithful to your goal of freedom. 
If you have not yet succumbed to bad habits or addictions, be cautious about opening yourself up to these temptations in the future. Look out for anything that might put you in debt or under the control of another person who may not have the best of intentions. Avoid anything that might harm your body physically, such as alcohol, drugs, or any other addictions because these will prove to be very difficult to shake off later. You may believe they are only a temporary and harmless release from your personal issues but they may turn into a significant problem that could cause you a lot of grief in the long-term.  
The Devil reversed may also refer to the Buddhist principle of detachment. Detachment, also expressed as non-attachment, is a state in which you overcome your attachment to the desire for things, people or concepts of the world, thus attaining a heightened perspective. The detached person is the happiest, for to live without attachment is to live in true freedom. It is important to note, however, that the Buddhist principle of detachment does not mean that you no longer care for things or people but rather that you separate your own existence from them in such a way that means you can still care about them but that you are not dictated or defined by their existence.
