The Moon reversed indicates that you have recently experienced a time of self-deception, illusion, fears and anxiety but these negative energies are beginning to subside. You may have also been dealing with some deeper emotional issues that have previously been sitting beneath the surface. While this has created some discomfort and turmoil as you deal with these deeper issues, you are starting to feel as if a weight has been lifted and that you can be less fearful and anxious about your life situation. You are beginning to work through your inner fears and anxieties, understanding the impact that these have on your life and how you can eventually free yourself from these limiting beliefs. This can be a wonderfully liberating and transformational experience. 
A reversed Moon may indicate a fundamental unhappiness with your present situation but also confusion over what else you could do and what you really want to do. It may be that you believe that what you really want to do with your life is impractical or unrealistic, or your past experiences in life have convinced you that you are stuck with what you have and it is too late to change now. These emotional issues are preventing you from moving forward. To overcome this, it is essential to confront your innermost fears and assumptions to gain self-confidence and direction. You need to believe in yourself and know that it is possible to create balance in your life. You may also find that your dreams provide you with important clues as to what direction you need to take. Pay attention to the subtle, subconscious messages that come to you in this way. 
The Moon reversed can highlight that you are in a more psychic and intuitive phase than usual, however the feelings that you are getting may be confusing and easily misinterpreted. It may be that when you draw Tarot cards for yourself and come up with one interpretation, you then draw them again, only to see something completely different! Nonetheless, do not ignore the messages you are getting. Take note of them and perhaps come back to them later when you are feeling clearer about your situation.
