The Sun represents success, radiance and abundance. The Sun gives you strength and tells you that no matter where you go or what you do, your positive and radiant energy will follow you and will bring you happiness and joy. People are drawn to you because you can always see the bright side and you bring such warmth into other people’s lives. This beautiful, warm energy is what will get you through the tough times and will help you succeed. You are also in a position where you can share your highest qualities and achievements with others. Radiate who you are and what you stand for. Shine love on those you care about.  
You have an innate sense of confidence right now. Life is good, the sun is shining and you are on your way to achieving your goals. The Sun represents that feeling of getting up on Saturday morning, with the whole weekend ahead of you, and you open the curtains with the sun shining on your face. Having struggled through the shadow sides you now know yourself and know where you are heading, and the sun illuminates your path.  
The Sun is a ‘yes’ to life! It brings with it luck, wellness, positive consciousness, enthusiasm, attainment and success. It is about embracing your destiny and giving it everything you have got. If you have been having a difficult time, the Sun brings you the message you have been waiting for – that things are going to get better – a lot better! You know that the rain clouds will soon give way to the rays of the sun and you will feel warmed to the soul once again. The Sun is also an energetic card. It reflects a time when you can expect to experience an increase in physical energy, vitality and general positivity. You are bursting with enthusiasm, feeling invigorated and enjoying a wonderful sense of good health.  
The Sun reflects the value of simplicity. No elaborate scheming is required but instead, plain and simple is the best option. Experience the freedom and liberation associated with living the simple life and doing what you enjoy most. Get back to the simple pleasures such as spending time with loved ones, getting back to nature, or simply reading a book in your garden! Expect a boost in the right direction and trust that work can and will be done, with relative little effort.  
This is a time when you will feel enlightened. You can finally see the path ahead of you and through the hardship you have endured, you have attained a new level of insight and understanding. You may have even had a personal or intellectual breakthrough where you have finally unlocked the key to your fundamental ‘being’. 
On a very literal level, the Sun can indicate travel to a warm or tropical climate where you can finally bask in the sun and enjoy the warm rays!
