Reversed, the Emperor can suggest that there is an over-use and abuse of authoritative power surrounding you at this time. He can be incredibly domineering and rigid in his thinking. It could be originating from you or from another person, often a boss, partner or a father-figure. There may be an insecure man throwing his weight around who has a need for control.  
You may feel powerless when the Emperor reversed appears in a reading. Dealing with authority is fraught with difficulties at this time and whether this manifests as a dominant partner, problems with your father or battles with officials, you do not seem to be making any headway. Paradoxically, freedom lies within such structures now. This is not the time to rebel, instead try to get in touch with your own need to control events and deal with any problems logically.  
Sometimes, the reversed Emperor asks you to stand up to authority and to know that you do not always have to go about matters in the most traditional way. You may be fed up with an over-bearing boss or a hierarchical organisation and you will be compelled to enter a more flexible and adaptive environment. You may also be inspired to work independently, perhaps even starting up your own business in order to be free of corporate life and oppressive bosses! 
If the reversed Emperor comes up in a career reading, you may be at a point now where you want to avoid having to deal with this type of person and you are now ready to embrace something new. You may also be seeking a career where you can have greater flexibility and creativity in how you complete your work. You are sick of having to always work within the confines of a particular structure or way of doing things and you want to break free of this. 
As a career aspiration, the Emperor reversed indicates that you are trying to avoid the energies of the Emperor in your future career direction. You may find that having to take an authoritarian role every day just does not sit well with you anymore. You want to free yourself from the routine and the structures that have permeated your life and held you back. You want to provide yourself with greater freedom to explore your creativity, rather than getting bogged down in the detail and the routine. 
On a personal level, the reversed Emperor can indicate that you lack self-control, ambition and the ability to deal with any kind of authority. In fact, you probably show contempt for any kind of order. However, you may need to bring more structure into your life at this time. Things may have gotten quite chaotic recently and now it is time to bring about order once again. 
In a relationship reading, the reversed Emperor suggests that you may be in an unequal relationship and this is making you unhappy in the long-term. Your partner has become over-bearing, possessive, dominating and authoritative. While you may have been looking for a partner to take care of you and provide a stable foundation for the future, it has gone too far now and you feel as though much of your independence and freedom have been taken away. Your partner has become stubborn, rules-based, argumentative and highly structured. This is putting strain on the relationship and preventing a creative flow of energies to flow between you. He/she feels benevolently toward you but has inflexible expectations of you.
