Strength reversed indicates weakness. You may have recently experienced a setback, or you are questioning your own journey and whether you are on the right track. Your inner strength and courage is lacking right now and you are feeling inadequate and vulnerable as a result. While these feelings may seem very real when you are in the moment, you will soon come to realise that they exist only to remind you that you are only temporarily out of touch with your inner strength. You need to remember that your core strength will always be with you and now is as good a time as any to reconnect with this core strength. Look towards the positive aspects in your life to reinvigorate self-confidence and self-esteem. Return to the lesson of the Chariot, where you need to draw upon your willpower, focus and determination in order to overcome your obstacles and be victorious. 
Similarly, the reversed Strength Tarot card suggests that you may be starting to doubt yourself and lose some self-esteem and self-confidence. Instead of taking the lead and manifesting your goals, you may be engaging in self-doubt and becoming dependent on others’ feelings and actions that then dictate your own. 
In a Tarot reading, Strength is also related to inner control and, in its reversed position, suggests that you may be giving in to your instinctual reactions and lacking the self-discipline you need. Aggression may be an issue and, as such an anger management course may be a good path forward for you. You need to exercise more control over your raw emotions to ensure that you do not lash out at others and later regret your actions and words. 
In a relationship reading, the reversed Strength card may indicate that you doubt yourself and feel as if you are not ‘good enough’ for the relationship. You may not feel completely secure in the relationship and often question whether your partner really has strong feelings for you. This may lead you to be someone other than your true self, someone who is worried, anxious or overly protective about the relationship.
