The Two of Swords is a card of choice and of the difficulty of making a decision. The woman in this card is blindfolded, and this may be intentionally so, indicating that she is avoiding making a very difficult decision. Her state of calm and relaxation may be indicative that she is trying to avoid this important decision in order to bring about peace of mind. However, the decision must still be made. Therefore, the appearance of the Two of Swords indicates that you are currently being faced with a difficult decision but you are attempting to hide from it and pretending to yourself and others that if you ignore the decision long enough, it will go away of its own accord. However, the decision will not go away simply by your willing it to depart. Your conscience will eventually force you into facing your refusal to deal directly with the situation. 
The Two of Swords therefore serves as a reminder that life’s decisions are frequently quite difficult and raise the possibility of painful consequences. However, you must “take the bull by the horns” and make your decisions with your best intentions, fully aware of the possible consequences. Avoidance will ultimately lead to a greater conflict.  
The blindfolded woman in this card is also an indication that you lack the information you need to make the right decisions at this time. You may be missing something, such as threats or potential risks, alternative solutions, or key pieces of information. Once you are able to remove your blindfold and see the situation for what it really is, you will be in a much better position to determine your path forward. Research your options more widely, seek outside opinions and feedback, and ask yourself what you are missing here. Why is this decision so challenging to make? What extra information do you need? 
Given the two swords in this card are in perfect balance as they cross the front of the woman, this card reflects the need for greater balance in your intellectual life. You need to take a break from your usual way of thinking, so that you can begin to consider alternative ideas and viewpoints. You also need to be very diplomatic and weigh up the pros and cons of both options that are available to you, and to consider that there may indeed be another way around the problem. You need to compromise or let things stand as they are.  
The Two of Swords often represents a stalemate where there is no winner or loser. You may be at loggerheads with another person and failing to see each other’s points of view. What is needed is a truce, where you either ‘agree to disagree’ or you seek to understand each other’s points of view before coming to a final solution. Thus, not only does this card represent potential conflict through a stalemate, it also represents making peace through a truce. 
Similarly, the Two of Swords can reflect indecision and being at an impasse with regards to an important matter. Again, there is only so much that you can try to put off. At some point or another, you are going to have to make a decision or have a point of view in order to get things moving again. 
In a reading, it may be helpful to draw a further two cards, either side of the Two of Swords. This will highlight what it is you are trying to balance or decide upon. This may also identify the two alternative solutions from which you are trying to choose.
