The Ten of Swords reversed indicates a painful ending which must occur for there to be growth and regeneration. The suit of Swords is the suit of thoughts, plans, and attitudes, and this card is very appropriate in the area of mental transformations. This card indicates that there will be a forceful re-evaluation or elimination of your previous attitudes about life, your views about yourself and what is important, and possibly your plans for the future. Despite the initial trauma and torment associated with this change, the imposed re-evaluation can be a very positive thing. It is important to understand that while the means of your demise may not seem reasonable or fair, your previous thoughts and attitudes really need to change in order for you to reach a better place in your life. Rather than dwelling on the painful ending, it is important to look ahead and realise how these events free you up to completely reshape your life and choose a new direction for yourself. 
The reversed Ten of Swords may also indicate that you are resisting an inevitable ending, because you are deeply worried about how much it is going to hurt you. However, what you are doing is delaying the inevitable and possibly making it even worse for yourself because you keep trying to put off something that needs to happen anyway for your own personal transformation. For example, a relationship may have come to an end but you are still intimate with your ex because you cannot bear to let go. This is only drawing out the pain much longer, and it is best to completely let go at this stage. 
Sometimes, the Ten of Swords reversed may reflect fear of ruin, even if that ruin as not yet occurred. You are always be thinking of the worst-case scenario and planning for the worst, even if it does not happen. This is only creating unnecessary fear and anxiety for you, and it is important that you return to the energy of the Nine of Swords and run a reality check as to whether things are as bad as they seem. 
The Ten of Swords reversed represents an old situation that ended very badly. You are still carrying around wounds from that situation but you have buried them so deeply that you do not realise they are still present in your life and still hurting you. This old pain needs to be brought up and dealt with once and for all, so you can liberate yourself from these deeply inflicted wounds. It may be difficult to experience the pain again but at least you are releasing yourself of this pain and allowing it to pass from your life.
